Docker.md, before:

# I2P+ in Docker

## Quick start
If you just want to give I2P+ a quick try or are using it on a home network, follow these steps:

1. Install git, docker-io and docker-compose via your package manager
2. Download the I2P+ git repository with the command: `git clone https://github.com/I2PPlus/i2pplus.git`
3. Rename `docker-compose.example.yml` to `docker-compose.yml` in the root directory of your local I2P+ git workspace
4. As root, cd to the i2pplus git workspace you just downloaded and then execute `docker-compose up --build`
5. Start a browser and go to `http://127.0.0.1:7667` and then hit the Wizard link to configure your router
6. To stop the router, hit Ctrl+C and then, optionally, `docker-compose down`
7. To remove all existing cache files and generated images, run `docker system prune -a -f`

## Running a container

### Memory usage
By the default the image limits the memory available to the Java heap to 512MB. You can override that by modifying the `JVM_XMX` environment variable in the `docker/rootfs/startapp.sh` file.

### Ports
There are several ports which are exposed by the image. You can choose which ones to publish depending on your specific needs.

| Port   | Interface     | Description       | TCP/UDP |
|--------|---------------|-------------------|---------|
| 4444   | 127.0.0.1     | HTTP Proxy        | TCP     |
| 6668   | 127.0.0.1     | IRC Proxy         | TCP     |
| 7654   | 127.0.0.1     | I2CP Protocol     | TCP     |
| 7656   | 127.0.0.1     | SAM Bridge TCP    | TCP     |
| 7657   | 127.0.0.1     | Web Console       | TCP     |
| 7667   | 127.0.0.1     | Web Console (SSL) | TCP     |
| 7658   | 127.0.0.1     | I2P Webserver     | TCP     |
| 7659   | 127.0.0.1     | SMTP Proxy        | TCP     |
| 7660   | 127.0.0.1     | POP Proxy         | TCP     |
| 7652   | LAN interface | UPnP              | TCP     |
| 7653   | LAN interface | UPnP              | UDP     |
| RANDOM | 0.0.0.0       | I2NP Protocol     | TCP+UDP |

### Networking
At the minimum, you'll want the Router Console (7667) and the HTTP Proxy (4444) available on localhost or your LAN network. The services indicated above on 127.0.0.1 will only be available on localhost and should not be exposed to the public internet. They can be disabled in the I2P+ web console if not required. To change the listening address for these services, including the web console, uncomment and edit the `IP_ADDR` line in the startapp.sh file.

#### External Network Port
If you want I2P+ to perform optimally, you'll want to publish the I2NP Protocol port (randomly assigned when the router image is first started). Your allocated port will be listed in your Router Web Console at http://127.0.0.1:7667/info - by default the UDP port number is also allocated for TCP connections. Note: This is the *only* port that you need to expose to the public internet, access to other ports should only be permitted from localhost or your LAN.

---

Commit message:

feat: docker improvements - listen all interfaces, reverse proxy support, outproxy config
- Default IP binding: 127.0.0.1 → 0.0.0.0/:: (all interfaces, dual-stack IPv4+IPv6)
- JVM heap: 512MB → 2048MB
- Add ALLOWED_HOSTS env var for reverse proxy host header allowlist
- Disable routerconsole.redirectToHTTPS for reverse proxy setups
- HTTP/HTTPS proxy outproxies: outproxy.acetone.i2p, exit.stormycloud.i2p
- HTTP proxy: enable sendUserAgent and sendAccept headers
- Add docker-compose.yml and CLAUDE.md

Docker.md, after:

# I2P+ in Docker

## Quick start
If you just want to give I2P+ a quick try or are using it on a home network, follow these steps:

1. Install git, docker-io and docker-compose via your package manager
2. Download the I2P+ git repository with the command: `git clone https://github.com/I2PPlus/i2pplus.git`
3. Rename `docker-compose.example.yml` to `docker-compose.yml` in the root directory of your local I2P+ git workspace
4. As root, cd to the i2pplus git workspace you just downloaded and then execute `docker-compose up --build`
5. Start a browser and go to `http://127.0.0.1:7667` and then hit the Wizard link to configure your router
6. To stop the router, hit Ctrl+C and then, optionally, `docker-compose down`
7. To remove all existing cache files and generated images, run `docker system prune -a -f`

## Running a container

### Memory usage
By the default the image limits the memory available to the Java heap to 512MB. You can override that by modifying the `JVM_XMX` environment variable in the `docker/rootfs/startapp.sh` file.

### Ports
There are several ports which are exposed by the image. You can choose which ones to publish depending on your specific needs.

| Port   | Interface        | Description       | TCP/UDP |
|--------|------------------|-------------------|---------|
| 4444   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | HTTP Proxy        | TCP     |
| 6668   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | IRC Proxy         | TCP     |
| 7654   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | I2CP Protocol     | TCP     |
| 7656   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | SAM Bridge TCP    | TCP     |
| 7657   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | Web Console       | TCP     |
| 7667   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | Web Console (SSL) | TCP     |
| 7658   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | I2P Webserver     | TCP     |
| 7659   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | SMTP Proxy        | TCP     |
| 7660   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | POP Proxy         | TCP     |
| 7652   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | UPnP              | TCP     |
| 7653   | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | UPnP              | UDP     |
| RANDOM | 0.0.0.0 / ::     | I2NP Protocol     | TCP+UDP |

### Networking
All services now default to listening on all interfaces (`0.0.0.0` / `::`) for both IPv4 and IPv6. Ensure your firewall prevents access from the public internet to services other than the I2NP Protocol port. Services can be disabled in the I2P+ web console if not required. To restrict the listening address, set the `IP_ADDR` environment variable or edit the `IP_ADDR` line in the startapp.sh file.

#### External Network Port
If you want I2P+ to perform optimally, you'll want to publish the I2NP Protocol port (randomly assigned when the router image is first started). Your allocated port will be listed in your Router Web Console at http://127.0.0.1:7667/info - by default the UDP port number is also allocated for TCP connections. Note: This is the *only* port that you need to expose to the public internet, access to other ports should only be permitted from localhost or your LAN.

---
